Facebook Marketing documentation (#1168)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/extract/facebook-marketing.mdx

---
title: "Facebook Marketing"
description: Sync data from Facebook Marketing to your warehouse destination via RudderStack.
aliases: ["Facebook Marketing source"]
---

[Facebook Marketing](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-apis/overview) is a HTTP-based API that lets you programmatically query your data, create and manage your ads, and perform many other tasks.

<div class="warningBlock">
All the Cloud Extract sources support sending data only to a <Link to="/destinations/warehouse-destinations/">data warehouse destination</Link>.
</div>

<GhBadge
  label={'Stability'}
  message={'Beta'}
  color={'blueviolet'}
/>

> ## Getting Started

Author: ```suggestion
## Getting started
```

To set up Facebook Marketing as a source in RudderStack, follow these steps:

1. Log into your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/).
2. Go to **Sources** > **New source** > **Cloud Extract** and select **Facebook Marketing** from the list of sources.
3. Assign a name to your source and click **Continue**.

### Connection settings

1. Click **Connect with Facebook Marketing** and grant RudderStack the necessary permissions to access your Facebook Marketing data.

<div class="infoBlock">
Your Facebook account and the related details will then automatically appear under <strong>Choose an account</strong>.
</div>

2. Then, configure the following settings:

> - **Account ID**: Enter your Facebook Ads account ID used to pull the data from the Marketing API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Account ID**: Enter the Facebook Ads account ID you use to pull the data from the Marketing API.
```

> - **Start Date**: Specify the date from which RudderStack replicates the data for all the incremental streams. RudderStack will **not** sync any historical data generated before this date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Start Date**: Specify the date from which RudderStack should replicate the data for all the incremental streams. RudderStack will **not** sync any historical data generated before this date.
```

- **End Date**: RudderStack syncs all the data generated between **Start Date** and this date. If you do not specify this date, RudderStack will sync all the latest available data.
- **Include Deleted**: Enable this setting to include the data from all the deleted campaigns, ads, and ad sets.
- **Fetch Thumbnail Images**: Enable this setting to fetch and store the thumbnail data for each [Ad Creative](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/creative/).

> - **Custom Insights**: This setting lets you add a list containing the entries for ad insights entries. You can specify the following configuration settings by clicking the **Add Item** button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Custom Insights**: This setting lets you add a list containing the ad insights entries. You can specify the following configuration settings by clicking the **Add Item** button:
```

### Destination settings

The following settings specify how RudderStack sends the data ingested from Facebook Marketing to the connected warehouse destination:

- **Table prefix**: RudderStack uses this prefix to create a table in your data warehouse and loads all your Facebook Marketing data into it.
- **Schedule Settings**: RudderStack gives you three options to ingest the data from Facebook Marketing:
    - **Basic**: Runs the syncs at the specified time interval. 
    - **CRON**: Runs the syncs based on the user-defined CRON expression.
    - **Manual**: You are required to run the syncs manually.

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on the schedule types, refer to the <Link to="/sources/extract/common-settings/">Common Settings</Link> guide.
</div>

### Selecting the data to import

You can choose the Facebook Marketing data you want to ingest by selecting the required resources:

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/fb-marketing-resources.png" alt="Selecting the data to import" />

The below table mentions the syncs supported by these resources from Facebook Marketing to your warehouse destination:  

> | Resource | Sync type | Facebook Marketing API endpoint |

Reviewer: Till now, we have been mentioning only Incremental for Incremental+ Full refresh sync supporting resources. As we give the extra details [here](https://rudderstack-docs-git-facebook-marketing-source-rudder-stack.vercel.app/sources/extract/common-settings/#sync-modes:~:text=Any%20resource%20that%20supports%20the%20Incremental%20sync%20mode%20also%20supports%20Full%20Refresh%2C%20by%20default.%20You%20can%20contact%20the%20RudderStack%20team%20to%20sync%20your%20data%20using%20the%20Full%20Refresh%20mode%20in%20case%20your%20destination%27s%20data%20gets%20corrupted%20or%20you%20want%20to%20sync%20your%20data%20all%20over%20again.). This one can create confusion. LMK your thoughts.

Author: Agreed - made the change

| :---| :--- | :--- |

> | `activities` | Full Refresh, Incremental | [`ad_activity`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/ad-activity) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `activities` | Incremental | [`ad_activity`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/ad-activity) |
```

> | `activities` | Full Refresh, Incremental | [`ad_activity`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/ad-activity) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `activities` | Incremental | [`ad_activity`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/ad-activity) |
```

> | `ad_account` |  Full Refresh |  |

Author: ```suggestion
| `ad_account` |  Full Refresh | [Ad Account](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/business-asset-management/guides/ad-accounts) |
```

| `ad_creatives` | Full Refresh | [`ad-creative`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/ad-creative) |

> | `ad_sets` | Full Refresh, Incremental | [`ad-campaign`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/ad-campaign) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `ad_sets` | Incremental | [`ad-campaign`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/ad-campaign) |
```

> | `ads` |  Full Refresh, Incremental | [`ad-group`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/adgroup) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `ads` |  Incremental | [`ad-group`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/adgroup) |
```

> | `ads_insights` | Full Refresh, Incremental | [`insights`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/adgroup/insights/) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `ads_insights` | Incremental | [`insights`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/adgroup/insights/) |
```

> | `campaigns` | Full Refresh, Incremental |  [`campaigns`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/ad-account/campaigns/) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `campaigns` | Incremental |  [`campaigns`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/ad-account/campaigns/) |
```

> | `custom_conversions` | Full Refresh, Incremental | [`customconversions`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/custom-conversion) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `custom_conversions` | Incremental | [`customconversions`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/custom-conversion) |
```

| `images` | Full Refresh, Incremental | [`ad-image`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/reference/ad-image) |

> | `videos` | Full Refresh, Incremental |  [`videos`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/graph-api/reference/video/video_insights/) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `videos` | Incremental |  [`videos`](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/graph-api/reference/video/video_insights/) |
```
